.TH HPL_dmatgen 3 "September 27, 2000" "HPL 1.0" "HPL Library Functions"
.SH NAME
HPL_dmatgen \- random matrix generator.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB\&#include <hpl.h>\fR
 
\fB\&void\fR
\fB\&HPL_dmatgen(\fR
\fB\&const int\fR
\fI\&M\fR,
\fB\&const int\fR
\fI\&N\fR,
\fB\&double *\fR
\fI\&A\fR,
\fB\&const int\fR
\fI\&LDA\fR,
\fB\&const int\fR
\fI\&ISEED\fR
\fB\&);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fB\&HPL_dmatgen\fR
generates (or regenerates) a random matrix A.
 
The  pseudo-random  generator uses the linear congruential algorithm:
X(n+1) = (a * X(n) + c) mod m  as  described  in the  Art of Computer
Programming, Knuth 1973, Vol. 2.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP 8
M       (input)                       const int
On entry,  M  specifies  the number  of rows of the matrix A.
M must be at least zero.
.TP 8
N       (input)                       const int
On entry,  N specifies the number of columns of the matrix A.
N must be at least zero.
.TP 8
A       (output)                      double *
On entry, A points to an array of dimension (LDA,N). On exit,
this  array  contains   the   coefficients  of  the  randomly
generated matrix.
.TP 8
LDA     (input)                       const int
On entry, LDA specifies the leading dimension of the array A.
LDA must be at least max(1,M).
.TP 8
ISEED   (input)                       const int
On entry, ISEED  specifies  the  seed  number to generate the
matrix A. ISEED must be at least zero.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR HPL_ladd (3),
.BR HPL_lmul (3),
.BR HPL_setran (3),
.BR HPL_xjumpm (3),
.BR HPL_jumpit (3),
.BR HPL_rand (3)
.SH REPORTING BUGS
A  bug report consists of a short description of the problem,
minimally  including a description of  the  environment (name
and versions  of  the operating  system, compilers, libraries
used ...) .  When appropriate,  a short (less than 100 lines)
example program demonstrating the problem should be attached.
Such a report should be sent to the following e-mail address:
hpl@cs.utk.edu                                               
                                                             
Everything else, that you believe being a bug report as well,
will be handled as time allows.                              
