.TH HPL_packL 3 "September 27, 2000" "HPL 1.0" "HPL Library Functions"
.SH NAME
HPL_packL \- Form the MPI structure for the row ring broadcasts.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB\&#include <hpl.h>\fR
 
\fB\&int\fR
\fB\&HPL_packL(\fR
\fB\&HPL_T_panel *\fR
\fI\&PANEL\fR,
\fB\&const int\fR
\fI\&INDEX\fR,
\fB\&const int\fR
\fI\&LEN\fR,
\fB\&const int\fR
\fI\&IBUF\fR
\fB\&);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fB\&HPL_packL\fR
forms  the MPI data type for the panel to be broadcast.
Successful  completion  is  indicated  by  the  returned  error  code
MPI_SUCCESS.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP 8
PANEL   (input/output)                HPL_T_panel *
On entry,  PANEL  points to the  current panel data structure
being broadcast.
.TP 8
INDEX   (input)                       const int
On entry,  INDEX  points  to  the  first entry of the  packed
buffer being broadcast.
.TP 8
LEN     (input)                       const int
On entry, LEN is the length of the packed buffer.
.TP 8
IBUF    (input)                       const int
On entry, IBUF  specifies the panel buffer/count/type entries
that should be initialized.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR HPL_binit (3),
.BR HPL_bcast (3),
.BR HPL_bwait (3)
.SH REPORTING BUGS
A  bug report consists of a short description of the problem,
minimally  including a description of  the  environment (name
and versions  of  the operating  system, compilers, libraries
used ...) .  When appropriate,  a short (less than 100 lines)
example program demonstrating the problem should be attached.
Such a report should be sent to the following e-mail address:
hpl@cs.utk.edu                                               
                                                             
Everything else, that you believe being a bug report as well,
will be handled as time allows.                              
