.TH HPL_max 3 "September 27, 2000" "HPL 1.0" "HPL Library Functions"
.SH NAME
HPL_max \- Combine (max) two buffers.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB\&#include <hpl.h>\fR
 
\fB\&void\fR
\fB\&HPL_max(\fR
\fB\&const int\fR
\fI\&N\fR,
\fB\&const void *\fR
\fI\&IN\fR,
\fB\&void *\fR
\fI\&INOUT\fR,
\fB\&const HPL_T_TYPE\fR
\fI\&DTYPE\fR
\fB\&);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fB\&HPL_max\fR
combines (max) two buffers.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP 8
N       (input)                       const int
On entry, N  specifies  the  length  of  the  buffers  to  be
combined. N must be at least zero.
.TP 8
IN      (input)                       const void *
On entry, IN points to the input-only buffer to be combined.
.TP 8
INOUT   (input/output)                void *
On entry, INOUT  points  to  the  input-output  buffer  to be
combined.  On exit,  the  entries of this array contains  the
combined results.
.TP 8
DTYPE   (input)                       const HPL_T_TYPE
On entry,  DTYPE  specifies the type of the buffers operands.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR HPL_broadcast (3),
.BR HPL_reduce (3),
.BR HPL_all_reduce (3),
.BR HPL_barrier   (3),
.BR HPL_min    (3),
.BR HPL_sum        (3)
.SH REPORTING BUGS
A  bug report consists of a short description of the problem,
minimally  including a description of  the  environment (name
and versions  of  the operating  system, compilers, libraries
used ...) .  When appropriate,  a short (less than 100 lines)
example program demonstrating the problem should be attached.
Such a report should be sent to the following e-mail address:
hpl@cs.utk.edu                                               
                                                             
Everything else, that you believe being a bug report as well,
will be handled as time allows.                              
