.TH HPL_rand 3 "September 27, 2000" "HPL 1.0" "HPL Library Functions"
.SH NAME
HPL_rand \- random number generator.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB\&#include <hpl.h>\fR
 
\fB\&double\fR
\fB\&HPL_rand();\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fB\&HPL_rand\fR
generates  the next number  in the  random  sequence.  This
function  ensures  that this number lies in the interval (-0.5, 0.5].
 
The static array irand contains the information (2 integers) required
to generate the  next number  in the sequence  X(n).  This  number is
computed as X(n) = (2^16 * irand[1] + irand[0]) / d - 0.5,  where the
constant d is the largest 32 bit positive integer. The array irand is
then  updated  for the generation of the next number  X(n+1)  in  the
random sequence as follows X(n+1) = a * X(n) + c. The constants a and
c  should have been preliminarily stored in the arrays ias and ics as
2 pairs of integers.  The initialization of  ias,  ics and  irand  is
performed by the function HPL_setran.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR HPL_ladd (3),
.BR HPL_lmul (3),
.BR HPL_setran (3),
.BR HPL_xjumpm (3),
.BR HPL_jumpit (3)
.SH REPORTING BUGS
A  bug report consists of a short description of the problem,
minimally  including a description of  the  environment (name
and versions  of  the operating  system, compilers, libraries
used ...) .  When appropriate,  a short (less than 100 lines)
example program demonstrating the problem should be attached.
Such a report should be sent to the following e-mail address:
hpl@cs.utk.edu                                               
                                                             
Everything else, that you believe being a bug report as well,
will be handled as time allows.                              
