.TH HPL_pnum 3 "September 27, 2000" "HPL 1.0" "HPL Library Functions"
.SH NAME
HPL_pnum \- Rank determination.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB\&#include <hpl.h>\fR
 
\fB\&int\fR
\fB\&HPL_pnum(\fR
\fB\&const HPL_T_grid *\fR
\fI\&GRID\fR,
\fB\&const int\fR
\fI\&MYROW\fR,
\fB\&const int\fR
\fI\&MYCOL\fR
\fB\&);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fB\&HPL_pnum\fR
determines  the  rank  of a  process  as a function  of  its
coordinates in the grid.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP 8
GRID    (local input)                 const HPL_T_grid *
On entry,  GRID  points  to the data structure containing the
process grid information.
.TP 8
MYROW   (local input)                 const int
On entry,  MYROW  specifies the row coordinate of the process
whose rank is to be determined. MYROW must be greater than or
equal to zero and less than NPROW.
.TP 8
MYCOL   (local input)                 const int
On entry,  MYCOL  specifies  the  column  coordinate  of  the
process whose rank is to be determined. MYCOL must be greater
than or equal to zero and less than NPCOL.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR HPL_grid_init (3),
.BR HPL_grid_info (3),
.BR HPL_grid_exit (3)
.SH REPORTING BUGS
A  bug report consists of a short description of the problem,
minimally  including a description of  the  environment (name
and versions  of  the operating  system, compilers, libraries
used ...) .  When appropriate,  a short (less than 100 lines)
example program demonstrating the problem should be attached.
Such a report should be sent to the following e-mail address:
hpl@cs.utk.edu                                               
                                                             
Everything else, that you believe being a bug report as well,
will be handled as time allows.                              
