.TH HPL_timer_cputime 3 "September 27, 2000" "HPL 1.0" "HPL Library Functions"
.SH NAME
HPL_timer_cputime \- Return the CPU time.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB\&#include <hpl.h>\fR
 
\fB\&double\fR
\fB\&HPL_timer_cputime();\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fB\&HPL_timer_cputime\fR
returns the cpu time.  If HPL_USE_CLOCK is defined,
the  clock() function is used to return an approximation of processor
time used by the program.  The value returned is the CPU time used so
far as a clock_t;  to get the number of seconds used,  the result  is
divided by  CLOCKS_PER_SEC.  This function is part of the  ANSI/ISO C
standard library.  If  HPL_USE_TIMES is defined, the times() function
is used instead.  This  function  returns  the current process times.
times() returns the number of clock ticks that have elapsed since the
system has been up.  Otherwise and by default,  the  standard library
function getrusage() is used.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR HPL_timer_walltime (3),
.BR HPL_timer (3)
.SH REPORTING BUGS
A  bug report consists of a short description of the problem,
minimally  including a description of  the  environment (name
and versions  of  the operating  system, compilers, libraries
used ...) .  When appropriate,  a short (less than 100 lines)
example program demonstrating the problem should be attached.
Such a report should be sent to the following e-mail address:
hpl@cs.utk.edu                                               
                                                             
Everything else, that you believe being a bug report as well,
will be handled as time allows.                              
