.TH HPL_recv 3 "September 27, 2000" "HPL 1.0" "HPL Library Functions"
.SH NAME
HPL_recv \- Receive a message.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB\&#include <hpl.h>\fR
 
\fB\&int\fR
\fB\&HPL_recv(\fR
\fB\&double *\fR
\fI\&RBUF\fR,
\fB\&int\fR
\fI\&RCOUNT\fR,
\fB\&int\fR
\fI\&SRC\fR,
\fB\&int\fR
\fI\&RTAG\fR,
\fB\&MPI_Comm\fR
\fI\&COMM\fR
\fB\&);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fB\&HPL_recv\fR
is a simple wrapper around  MPI_Recv.  Its  main  purpose is
to  allow for some  experimentation / tuning  of this simple routine.
Successful  completion  is  indicated  by  the  returned  error  code
HPL_SUCCESS.  In the case of messages of length less than or equal to
zero, this function returns immediately.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP 8
RBUF    (local output)                double *
On entry, RBUF specifies the starting address of buffer to be
received.
.TP 8
RCOUNT  (local input)                 int
On entry,  RCOUNT  specifies  the number  of double precision
entries in RBUF. RCOUNT must be at least zero.
.TP 8
SRC     (local input)                 int
On entry, SRC  specifies the rank of the  sending  process in
the communication space defined by COMM.
.TP 8
RTAG    (local input)                 int
On entry,  STAG specifies the message tag to be used for this
communication operation.
.TP 8
COMM    (local input)                 MPI_Comm
The MPI communicator identifying the communication space.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR HPL_send (3),
.BR HPL_sendrecv (3)
.SH REPORTING BUGS
A  bug report consists of a short description of the problem,
minimally  including a description of  the  environment (name
and versions  of  the operating  system, compilers, libraries
used ...) .  When appropriate,  a short (less than 100 lines)
example program demonstrating the problem should be attached.
Such a report should be sent to the following e-mail address:
hpl@cs.utk.edu                                               
                                                             
Everything else, that you believe being a bug report as well,
will be handled as time allows.                              
