.TH HPL_bcast 3 "September 27, 2000" "HPL 1.0" "HPL Library Functions"
.SH NAME
HPL_bcast \- Perform the row broadcast.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB\&#include <hpl.h>\fR
 
\fB\&int\fR
\fB\&HPL_bcast(\fR
\fB\&HPL_T_panel *\fR
\fI\&PANEL\fR,
\fB\&int *\fR
\fI\&IFLAG\fR
\fB\&);\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fB\&HPL_bcast\fR
broadcasts  the  current  panel.  Successful  completion is
indicated by IFLAG set to HPL_SUCCESS on return. IFLAG will be set to
HPL_FAILURE on failure and to HPL_KEEP_TESTING when the operation was
not completed, in which case this function should be called again.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP 8
PANEL   (input/output)                HPL_T_panel *
On entry,  PANEL  points to the  current panel data structure
being broadcast.
.TP 8
IFLAG   (output)                      int *
On exit,  IFLAG  indicates  whether  or not the broadcast has
occured.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR HPL_binit (3),
.BR HPL_bwait (3)
.SH REPORTING BUGS
A  bug report consists of a short description of the problem,
minimally  including a description of  the  environment (name
and versions  of  the operating  system, compilers, libraries
used ...) .  When appropriate,  a short (less than 100 lines)
example program demonstrating the problem should be attached.
Such a report should be sent to the following e-mail address:
hpl@cs.utk.edu                                               
                                                             
Everything else, that you believe being a bug report as well,
will be handled as time allows.                              
